Implement lists/ownerships (#1282)
tweepy/tweepy: docs/api.rst

   :rtype: list of :class:`List` objects

> .. method:: API.lists_ownerships([screen_name], [user_id], [cursor], \
>                                  [count])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. method:: API.lists_ownerships([user_id], [screen_name], [count], [cursor])
```

>    Returns the lists owned by the specified user. Private lists will
>    only be shown if the authenticated user is also the owner of the
>    lists. If ``user_id`` or ``screen_name`` are not provided, the
>    memberships for the authenticating user are returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Returns the lists owned by the specified user. Private lists will only be
   shown if the authenticated user is also the owner of the lists. If
   ``user_id`` and ``screen_name`` are not provided, the ownerships for the
   authenticating user are returned.
```

>    :param screen_name: |screen_name|
>    :param user_id: |user_id|
>    :param cursor: |cursor|
>    :param count: |count|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :param user_id: |user_id|
   :param screen_name: |screen_name|
   :param count: |count|
   :param cursor: |cursor|
```
